README.md, before:

# About BnB: #

BnB is a clone of AirBnB. It is a web application for users to find a location to book for a stay, or to become a host for such users. This clone currently showcases some of the features of the original site. It has the capability to create secure users, allow these users to find and leave reviews on locations, along with allow users to publish their own spots.

## To build this project I used: ##
    * JavaScript
    * HTML
    * CSS
    * React
    * Redux
    * Sequelize
    * PostgresSQL
    * Express

## To use the application in its current state: ##
### [Project Link](https://bnb-project.herokuapp.com/) ###
#### Home Page ####
![Home Page](/assets/Screen%20Shot%202022-10-23%20at%209.27.23%20PM.png)
From the Home Page there are several routes.

    1. Sign Up as a new user with the 'sign up' button
    2. Login as an existing user(there is a demo user, whose credentials are below)
        *username: Demo-lition
        *password: password
    3. Choose any spot to view

Enjoy!


## Road Map ##
In the future I would like to extend the features my web application to be closer to those offered by AirBnB.
    These include but are not limited to:

    1.Reviews
        * ability to update created reviews
        * limit users to only create reviews for spots they have stayed
    2.Bookings
        * bookings card per spot
        * ability to book by a calender
        * update booking
        * delete a booking
    3. User
        * user page to edit personal info
        * page to view user's spots, reviews, and bookings

## Repo Use ##
To have access to the project repo:
1. Checkout my GitHub, the current repo is titles API-project

### [GitHub Link](https://github.com/nwinzig) ###

2. Clone the link below

### [BnB Clone](https://github.com/nwinzig/API-project.git) ###


## Contact Info ##
### [GitHub Link](https://github.com/nwinzig) ###
Email: noahwinzig@gmail.com

Commit message:

updated readme for demo user button

README.md, after:

# About BnB: #

BnB is a clone of AirBnB. It is a web application for users to find a location to book for a stay, or to become a host for such users. This clone currently showcases some of the features of the original site. It has the capability to create secure users, allow these users to find and leave reviews on locations, along with allow users to publish their own spots.

## To build this project I used: ##
    * JavaScript
    * HTML
    * CSS
    * React
    * Redux
    * Sequelize
    * PostgresSQL
    * Express

## To use the application in its current state: ##
### [Project Link](https://bnb-project.herokuapp.com/) ###
#### Home Page ####
![Home Page](/assets/Screen%20Shot%202022-10-24%20at%209.14.07%20AM.png)
From the Home Page there are several routes.

    1. Sign Up as a new user with the 'sign up' button
    2. Login as an existing user(there is a demo user, whose credentials are below)
        * you may also login as the demo user by using the provided button
        *username: Demo-lition
        *password: password
    3. Choose any spot to view

Enjoy!


## Road Map ##
In the future I would like to extend the features my web application to be closer to those offered by AirBnB.
    These include but are not limited to:

    1.Reviews
        * ability to update created reviews
        * limit users to only create reviews for spots they have stayed
    2.Bookings
        * bookings card per spot
        * ability to book by a calender
        * update booking
        * delete a booking
    3. User
        * user page to edit personal info
        * page to view user's spots, reviews, and bookings

## Repo Use ##
To have access to the project repo:
1. Checkout my GitHub, the current repo is titles API-project

### [GitHub Link](https://github.com/nwinzig) ###

2. Clone the link below

### [BnB Clone](https://github.com/nwinzig/API-project.git) ###


## Contact Info ##
### [GitHub Link](https://github.com/nwinzig) ###
Email: noahwinzig@gmail.com
